♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] After a series
of fierce battles,
the Straw Hat Pirates
have reached the waters
of the New World, ruled
by the Four Emperors.
Their first stop is Punk Hazard,
where Luffy forms an alliance
with Trafalgar Law.
He then faces off against
the master of the island,
Caesar Clown--
a twisted scientist who
experiments on humans.
Using a mysterious power, the
villain easily captures Luffy.
Meanwhile, Law also faces defeat
at the hands of the Navy G-5
base commander, Vergo.
[BROOK, SANJI, ZORO, KIN'EMON]
Run for your life!
[LAW]
Wasn't expecting Vergo.
But we can't let a
small detail like that
hold us back now, Straw Hat.
Time for the counter attack.
[LUFFY] "Launching
the Counter Attack!
Luffy and Law's Great Escape!"
[BROKER A] A member of the Seven
Warlords, Trafalgar Law.
A powerful rookie
who's butted heads
with the World Government
countless times,
Straw Hat Luffy.
His crewmate, the Demon Child
Nico Robin, is with him as well.
The others appear to be Smoker
and Tashigi from the Navy.
[BROKER A] The question is, how
did Caesar get his hands on
so many big shots?
[BROKER B]
Indeed.
Them again! So that's
where they ended up.
What should we do?
[TAMAGO]
Hmm...
We wait. To avoid a faux pas.
[KILLER]
Straw Hat, huh?
Little punk finally got
off his ass. Fancy that.
[EUSTASS KID]
I've seen enough.
This won't end well,
and I prefer a more hands-on
approach to violence.
[KILLER grunts]
Yeah, same.
[KILLER] I wonder what Straw Hat
is doing with a Warlord, though.
[EUSTASS KID]
Probably Trafalgar's idea.
And here I thought
he'd lost his spine
when he sold out
to the government.
That bastard. He's up to
something big, mark my words.
[KILLER]
And Straw Hat's in on it?
Won't do us any good
worrying about them.
Keep your eyes on our team.
[KILLER] Fine. Just don't
pick a fight, okay?
[EUSTASS KID]
I know! Shut up.
[gasps]
[SCRATCHMEN APOO cackles]
'Sup! It's been
a long time, Kid!
We just got here, man.
You don't have to look
so freaked out already!
[gasping] What the hell is this?
Do you have a death wish?
Nobody smashes up my hideout
and gets away with it!
We tried to stop him!
Please don't be angry!
[SCRATCHMEN APOO] I was just
making sure you didn't have
any snipers waiting
to pick me off.
When your enemy invites
you to his base,
you gotta take proper
precautions, know what I mean?
I told you, Scratchmen
is a pain in the ass.
We shouldn't have invited
him in the first place!
[BASIL HAWKINS] He's strong. I'm
sure it'll be worth the trouble.
You've kept us waiting.
How thoughtless of you.
I expect better
treatment than this.
Actually, screw this meeting.
I'm gonna kill both
of you right now!
See? You do want me dead!
Well, bring it on, I'm ready!
You think you can
get with this, yo?
This is insane.
I won't let you waste my time.
[KILLER] Hawkins, wait!
Just hear us out!
[KILLER] Everyone calm down
and shut the hell up!
We didn't call you here
to pick a fight!
We want to form an alliance
with both of your crews!
[SCRATCHMEN APOO]
Huh?
[EUSTASS KID growling]
[KILLER] Let's try this again.
Like civilized men this time!
[LUFFY]
Time for a comeback, huh?
[LAW] Yeah. Somebody's gotta
clean this mess up.
We've wasted enough time here.
I've got a couple of ideas,
but if anyone here
can burn things,
that might speed this up.
Franky can make fire!
Laser beams, too!
Oh, hey! I shoulda
thought of that sooner.
Why don't you melt
our chains off?
[FRANKY]
It's not that easy.
I need both hands to
shoot my Radical Beam.
But there's one thing I can do.
[gasping]
Straight from my butt.
Coup de Boo!
[laughing]
Forget the chains.
Look, can you set fire to
that Navy ship down there?
[FRANKY]
Huh? The one to the right?
[FRANKY grunts] You ask,
and I deliver, brother.
Just sit back and watch me work!
Franky...
[FRANKY inhales]
...Fireball!
[TASHIGI yelps]
[MARINES scream]
[MARINE O]
What the hell was that?!
[MARINE P]
Run away!
[MARINE Q]
No, put out the fire!
[CAESAR CLOWN] What is that
Pacifista-looking dunce up to?
Throwing a temper tantrum
from inside his cage?
[cackles] Absurd!
But take heart, my dear
mechanical man.
When you're dead,
I'll put your body to
good use in my lab!
I can't see the cage.
Hope they're safe.
Captain! Don't die!
[MARINE R] Don't let
the smoke get ya, Smokey!
[MARINE S] Yeah. I think the
smoke guy's gonna be fine!
[ALL coughing]
[coughing]
Are you happy now, Trafalgar?
You didn't think this one
through too well, did ya?
You're the one who
burned the ship.
Only 'cause you asked me to!
[coughing, laughing]
You guys are funny!
[LAW]
Let's go.
[LUFFY, FRANKY]
What?!
[LAW] Now that Caesar's video
transponder snails can't see us,
we'll have a minute before he
figures out what's going on.
We'd better get this plan
moving quick, though.
I don't get it! How'd you
get those chains off?
They're Sea Prism Stone, right?
No. Mine were ordinary chains.
Though no one knew that.
Huh?
Nothing here my power
can't take care of.
Room.
Think for a second.
I've been on the island
for months now.
I was prepared for something
like this to happen.
As soon as I noticed the
Sea Prism chains around the lab,
I started replacing them
with normal chains
I could easily switch out with
my power.
Obviously, I couldn't trust
Caesar, so this is no surprise.
[FRANKY gasp]
Woo-hoo! Free at last!
[LUFFY laughing]
[LAW] You're still in a cage,
you moron.
[LUFFY laughing]
I'm free, I'm free...
[LAW]
Oh, that's right.
We have some other
distinguished guests here.
[TASHIGI, SMOKER gasp]
[LAW]
You've learned a bit too much.
You're both at my mercy.
What should I do, huh?
Stop wasting our time,
damn it.
You wanna kill us?
Just do it already!
--Huh?
--[TASHIGI] Uh?
Smoker, you're--
He switched us
back to normal!
[TASHIGI gasps, screams]
You're a Marine--stop screaming
like a school girl.
Get up, dammit!
[TASHIGI]
Just get the chains off, please.
Get us out of here and
I'll do anything you say!
Don't you have any pride?
A Marine would rather die than
beg a pirate for their life!
I don't care!
We have other things to worry
about, and other people!
If we get killed over
our stupid pride,
then all of our men
are as good as dead!
The Vice Admiral will--
I mean, Vergo will continue to
cover up what's happening here.
What about the children?
We can't leave them!
We can't die!
[SMOKER growls]
[LAW] You should listen
to her. She's right.
[SMOKER grunts]
[LAW] Frankly, I have no
obligation to spare your life,
White Hunter. However,
if you make it out of here
and ruin Vergo's reputation,
then that suits my ends.
One catch.
I need you to forget all you
heard about me and Joker.
That's not a petty request.
It's a condition.
You give me that,
and I give you your life.
Sound like a deal?
[gasping]
[LUFFY]
I can't see anything.
[LAW, SMOKER grunt, gasp]
I wonder what's
goin' on down there.
Ha! All right! No more waiting--
I'm gonna go see!
--[LAW] Stop that.
--[LUFFY] Yahoo!
Hey, what are you doing?
That idiot doesn't even
know the plan!
[FRANKY] Yeah, shoulda
kept him chained up, then.
Luffy does something crazy the
second your back is turned.
Every time.
[LUFFY laughing, gasping]
[LAW growls]
That moron!
[LUFFY grunting]
[LUFFY]
Hey, Traffy! [laughs]
How're we supposed
to get inside here?
[LAW growling]
[FRANKY]
Quick question, brother.
Do you need my help?
'Cause I'd really rather go
check up on the Sunny.
Do what you want.
Sweet! See ya later!
Coup de Boo!
I'm coming for ya, Sunny!
[LUFFY] Good luck, Franky!
Aw, that stinks...
[SMOKER]
Eh? And what's that look for?
Hey! What're you waitin'
for, Traffy? Let's go!
[growls, exhales]
[laughing]
[MARINE T]
Hey, you there, Smokey?
Are you okay, Captain?
Can you hear us?
[MARINE U] They're gonna die and
there's nothing we can do!
Oh, no. Guys, look!
[MARINES gasp]
[MARINE C] The poison gas is
gonna be here any minute!
We're gonna end up just
like those poor bastards
we saw in the video!
Crap, that's not good.
We gotta get inside!
And in a real hurry, too!
[MARINES chattering]
[MARINE V]
Open the door!
Please! We can't
die here, damn it!
[BROOK, SANJI, ZORO, KIN'EMON
screaming]
[BROOK, SANJI, ZORO, KIN'EMON]
Run away!
[BROOK, SANJI, ZORO, KIN'EMON
screaming]
[KIN'EMON] However feverishly
I paddle my legs,
it draws closer still!
[BROOK] Sadly, it seems the
dragon is much more adept
at running than we are!
[ZORO] We gotta catch up,
so we can fly outta here!
[SANJI]
I can't keep up.
Just a little bit
longer, Sanji!
I don't know if I can.
Nami isn't built for
this kind of abuse.
Her lungs can't take any more.
Dammit, my chest is really
starting to hurt.
Her chest... I mean--
[gasps] Boobies!
[SANJI yelling]
[SANJI]
I caught it!
If it's that easy, you should've
done it in the first place!
[NAMI] The smoke is
closing in on us, fast!
[USOPP]
Its coloring is really creepy!
I feel like I'm coming
down with something
just looking at that thing.
Hang in there a little
longer, Brownie.
I know you're injured, so thank
you for carrying us like this.
You guys are bite-sized
compared to me.
This is nothing. And besides,
I gotta get back
and rescue my men, either way.
Yeah, and we gotta help
those kids, too.
I just hope we can make it there
before they eat that candy.
Look down! Do you see that?
See? We're not the only ones
running from the gas.
[USOPP]
A dragon?
[NAMI]
Uh. Wait, is that...?
[BROOK, SANJI, ZORO, KIN'EMON
screaming]
[BOTH scream]
[BROOK] I could do with a little
less turbulence, please!
[DRAGON A roars]
[growls] Stop running
and fly already!
How foolish of you to rely on
the aid of this unholy beast!
Show some gratitude, will ya?
We got a free ride on this
lizard thanks to the power
of Nami's sexy body. In fact,
just thinking about it, I...
If you don't shut up,
I'll give you something
to really bleed about!
[KIN'EMON] The poison gas
will soon overtake us!
[BROOK]
My arm muscles are giving out!
In fact, they're already gone!
Why, look at them!
All that's left is bone!
[BROOK gasping]
[ZORO, SANJI]
That's not good!
[BROOK screaming]
[USOPP grunts]
We got him!
That was a close one, huh?
It's Usopp!
Nami, you're okay!
[USOPP]
Come on, just keep moving!
[DRAGON A squawking]
[ZORO] Nice timing, but what the
hell are you guys doing here?
[NAMI] I've got a mountain
of questions myself,
but save them.
First things first--
We gotta make it to that lab,
or we're done for!
I know!
[SANJI]
Our taxi's runnin' outta gas.
We could try running again,
but I don't think we'd make it!
Jump off! And ride on my back!
[KIN'EMON] You have my
gratitude, bearded one!
[screaming]
Oh! Very good!
Let's just hope I can hold on!
Nice work!
You're useful after all!
You people are the worst!
[BROWNBEARD screams]
[MARINE W]
Faster, faster!
[MARINE H]
We're all gonna die!
Dammit! Dammit! Dammit!
Dammit! Dammit!
Open already!
Uhh! Guys, we're too late.
The gas, it's coming
over the mountain!
[gasping]
[MARINES chattering]
Help us! You can't let
us die, not like this!
[MARINE J] That gas is gonna
swallow us up any second now.
Smokey and the Captain are
trapped up there, too.
We're all gonna die!
[whimpering]
[MARINES gasping]
[MARINES cheer]
[MARINE X]
Look! The shutter's opening!
I don't know how the hell
they got that thing open,
but this is a big emergency!
[SUBORDINATE B] Did some moron
in here touch the lever?
[SUBORDINATE A] Crap!
Those G-5 guys are pouring in!
What's going on here?!
[SUBORDINATE D]
Look! Up there!
[SUBORDINATE C gasps]
No way!
[SUBORDINATE C] That's...
That's Vice Admiral Smoker!
The Warlord Trafalgar Law!
And the famous pirate
Straw Hat Luffy!
How are they here?
I thought the Master
had them locked up!
[ROBIN giggles]
We made it.
All of our men are inside.
All right. Let's see if we
can get my heart back.
[laughing]
This is gonna be awesome!
I'm working with pirates?
How shameful.
[MARINES murmuring]
Smokey! Captain, too!
They made it after all, guys!
That's the last of us!
Time to close it up!
I guess all that crying
was for nothing!
Huh?
[MARINE M] What's that
in front of the poison?
[BROWNBEARD screaming]
There's the lab!
We're gonna be okay!
[ALL screaming]
[USOPP, NAMI laugh]
[USOPP] Huh...? Oh, no, wait!
No, no, no, no!
[ALL screaming]
Are you kidding me?
No! We're so close!
Have mercy! We're all
about to die out here!
We're dead, after all that!
And we tried so hard, too!
[BOTH crying]
I seem to be giving up
the ghost already.
I'll have company soon!
[KIN'EMON]
Huh?
[ZORO] Yo, Kin'emon!
Think you can cut through iron?
Most certainly. Have no fear.
Hey, Brownbeard!
Let's keep up the pace!
Yeah? To what end?
You want me to dash my
brains out on that wall?
Would you rather slow down
and eat poison gas?
[ALL]
No way! No how!
I got nothin' to lose!
Here I go!
Not like we really have a
Plan B in a situation like this.
[USOPP grunts]
It's do or die now!
But that's nothing
new for us, huh?
Are you ready to do this?
Of course!
[ZORO, KIN'EMON grunting]
[BROWNBEARD yells]
[ZORO growls]
[KIN'EMON growls]
[BROWNBEARD yelling]
[USOPP yells]
[NAMI grunting]
[BROOK]
Ya-ha!
[SANJI gasping]
[laughs] Hey, Zoro!
You certainly do know how
to make an entrance.
[GROUP chattering, laughing]
[MARINES gasping]
[MARINES] Now there's a giant
hole in the shutter!
[LUFFY]
Hey, guys! I'm here, too!
[NAMI, USOPP]
Luffy!
Good to see you!
Heh.
What's up?
[LUFFY chuckles]
[LUFFY inhales]
Everyone's here?
Okay! It's time to party!
[NARRATOR] The Straw Hat
Pirates managed to escape
Land of the Dead and reunite
for their next move.
Unfortunately for them,
the only escape route
is through Building R.
However, despite the odds
that are stacked against them,
Luffy and his companions
pull together
a dramatic counter attack.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Get to Building R!
The Pirate Alliance's
Great Advance!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!